0.  The low quality recording features a ballad song that contains sustained strings, mellow piano melody and soft female vocal singing over it. It sounds sad and soulful, like something you would hear at Sunday services.

1.  This song features an electric guitar as the main instrument. The guitar plays a descending run in the beginning then plays an arpeggiated chord followed by a double stop hammer on to a higher note and a descending slide followed by a descending chord run. The percussion plays a simple beat using rim shots. The percussion plays in common time. The bass plays only one note on the first count of each bar. The piano plays backing chords. There are no voices in this song. The mood of this song is relaxing. This song can be played in a coffee shop.

2.  a male voice is singing a melody with changing tempos while snipping his fingers rhythmically. The recording sounds like it has been recorded in an empty room. This song may be playing, practicing snipping and singing along.

3.  This song contains digital drums playing a simple groove along with two guitars. One strumming chords along with the snare the other one playing a melody on top. An e-bass is playing the footnote while a piano is playing a major and minor chord progression. A trumpet is playing a loud melody alongside the guitar. All the instruments sound flat and are being played by a keyboard. There are little bongo hits in the background panned to the left side of the speakers. Apart from the music you can hear eating sounds and a stomach rumbling. This song may be playing for an advertisement.

4.  This song features a rubber instrument being played. The strumming is fast. The melody is played on one fretted string and other open strings. The melody is played on the lower octave and is later repeated on the higher octave. This song can be played at a folk party.

5.  This clip is three tracks playing consecutively. The first one is an electric guitar lead harmony with a groovy bass line, followed by white noise and then a female vocalisation to a vivacious melody with a keyboard harmony, slick drumming, funky bass lines and male backup. The three songs are unrelated and unsynced.

6.  A male singer sings this groovy melody. The song is a techno dance song with a groovy bass line, strong drumming rhythm and a keyboard accompaniment. The song is so groovy and serves as a dance track for the dancing children. The audio quality is very poor with high gains and hissing noise.

7.  someone is playing a high pitched melody on a steel drum. The file is of poor audio-quality.

8.  The Pop song features a soft female vocal singing over sustained pulsating synth lead, mellow piano melody, sustained synth brass, punchy kick, claps. tinny wide hi hats and high pitched female vocal melody. It sounds emotional, sad, passionate and like something you would hear on a radio.

9.  low fidelity audio from a live performance featuring a solo direct input acoustic guitar strumming airy, suspended open chords. Also present are occasional ambient sounds, perhaps papers being shuffled.

